gh-83395: Add curses.window.in_wch (#17825)
python/cpython: Doc/library/curses.rst

   Return the character at the given position in the window. The bottom 8 bits are
   the character proper, and upper bits are the attributes.

>    .. note::
> 
>       ``inch`` only works for ASCII characters.  Use :meth:`in_wch` instead
>       for unicode support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note::

   	  This method only works for ASCII characters. Use :meth:`in_wch`
   	  instead to retrieve the Unicode character at a given position.
```

> 
> .. method:: window.in_wch([x, y])

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. method:: window.in_wch([x, y])
```

We separate methods by 2 blank lines (just check that my suggestion is correct before committing it).

> 
> .. method:: window.in_wch([x, y])

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. method:: window.in_wch([y, x])
```

>    Return the wide character at the given position in the window.  The return
>    value is a 3-tuple ``(character, attributes, color_pair)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return the wide character at the given position in the window as
   a triplet ``(character, attributes, color_pair)``.
```
